Release v1.2.0 to next (#1117)
Kong/kubernetes-ingress-controller: CHANGELOG.md

- Added support for mtls-auth plugin credentials (requires Enterprise 2.3.2.0
  or newer).
  [#1078](https://github.com/Kong/kubernetes-ingress-controller/pull/1078/)
- The KongClusterPlugin CRD is now optional, for installation in clusters
  where KIC administrators do not have cluster-wide permissions.

#### Fixed

- The admission webhook can now validate KongPlugin configurations stored in a
  Secret.
  [#1036](https://github.com/Kong/kubernetes-ingress-controller/pull/1036/)

#### Under the hood

- Build configuration allows target architectures other than `amd64`. Note that
  other architectures are not officially supported.
  [#1046](https://github.com/Kong/kubernetes-ingress-controller/pull/1046/)
- Updated to Go 1.16. Make sure to update your Go version if you build your own
  controller binaries.
  [#1110](https://github.com/Kong/kubernetes-ingress-controller/pull/1110/)
- Refactored synchronization loop into more discrete components and created
  packages for them.
  [#1027](https://github.com/Kong/kubernetes-ingress-controller/pull/1027/)
  [#1029](https://github.com/Kong/kubernetes-ingress-controller/pull/1029/)

> - Began work on
>   [kubebuilder](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kubebuilder)-based
>   implementation of the controller.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Broad refactoring (with the purpose of exposing KIC's logic as libraries), in preparation for an architectural upgrade of KIC to a [kubebuilder](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kubebuilder)-based
  implementation of the controller (expected to be released as KIC v2.0).
```

I thought we should make it clear that kubebuilder is not coming in this release, and what really affects v1.2.0 is the refactoring.

  [#1037](https://github.com/Kong/kubernetes-ingress-controller/pull/1037/)
- Added a Go-based integration test environment and initial set of tests.
  [#1102](https://github.com/Kong/kubernetes-ingress-controller/pull/1102/)
- CI improvements check test coverage for PRs and automaticall open PRs for
  dependency updates.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Upgraded almost all Go library dependencies (from now on, using Dependabot to ensure that minor releases use the newest versions available).

```
